---
published: true
---
## 2020/04/20 [Making a merge request to an open source project] 

Today, I want to make a merge request for an open source project. I searched the instruction from the internet that related to the topic about contributing to open source and how to create a pull request. According to these resources, I try to follow it based on its steps. 

The project from the internet to do this exercise:

https://github.com/CommandLineHeroes/hero-engine

This project is a command line heroes game. It is a node and HTML5 project led by Jared Sprague and Michael Clayton.

- Step 1:

I need to fork this git repository, make the change and create a pull request, then asks the maintainers of the project to make the update part of the code base. Thus, I login to my GitHub account and click "Fork" in the upper right corner.

- Step 2:

I use command line to clone the forked repository.

- Step 3:

Since I don't have a node and npm installed on my machine, thus I need to run npm install in order to get all of the project dependencies on to my machine.Then, the .json file package can show how to run the code. The contributors to the project are focused on building the engine for the game.

- Step 4:

Start the code

- Step 5:

Click "Pull requests" in the top of the website. Then, click "New Pull request" in the right hand corner.

- Step 6:

Click the "Create pull request" in the bottom of the website. Input the title and add the description.

- Step 7:

Click "Pull requests" and review the pull request history of the project


  
**Command Line**

$ git clone https://github.com/hiuwing0107/hero-engine.git

$ cd hero-engine

$ npm install

$ npm run example

$ cd examples

$ cd reference_room

$ cd sprite_animation

$ cat index.html

$ cat sprite_animation.js

$ nano sprite_animation.js   <-- change (player.scaleX = 2)(player.scaleY = 2) to 
                                 (player.scaleX = 4)(player.scaleY = 4)
                                 
$ cd ../../..

$ npm run example

$ git push
